README.md, before:

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-yellow.svg)]()
[![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-swift-orange.svg)]()
[![SecondaryLanguage](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-GLSL-red.svg)]()
[![Framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/frameworks-SpriteKit-ff69b4.svg)]()
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)]()


# SpriteKit Fragment Sandbox
An `iOS` project demonstrating how to use `GLSL` Shaders with `SpriteKit` framework 👾. The purpose of the app is to serve as a sandbox that allows to quicly prototype and experiment with `fragment`  shaders. Currently there are **`12`** custom `fragment shaders`. More shaders will be added on a regular basis.

## CRT Effect
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/41338402-c37c847e-6efa-11e8-93e2-8d6fb709e697.gif" width="350">

## LCD Effect 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/41338403-c39c791e-6efa-11e8-80c9-3929a4e0dabe.gif" width="350">

## GTC14
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643373-6513562c-1a5b-11e8-9ba5-9fb98bdc3ceb.gif" width="350">

## Mandelbrot Recursive (Julia Set)
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643375-65544cae-1a5b-11e8-966b-a0286d0d07ee.gif" width="350">

## Tron Road
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643377-6592f378-1a5b-11e8-9490-95052d900e58.gif" width="350">

## Spots
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643376-6573f86a-1a5b-11e8-802a-42d7dd168f1e.gif" width="350">

## Lattice
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643374-6534de64-1a5b-11e8-83a8-96af89c84ddd.gif" width="350">

## Flame Raymatching
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29877584-b6cb2c0a-8da8-11e7-950b-329fc49cd856.gif" width="350">

## Paint Noise 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29831538-1b6069de-8cee-11e7-98a0-8613f7e693c8.gif" width="350">

## RGB Lighning 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29831537-1b58fb86-8cee-11e7-96f6-1c024d4e0be0.gif" width="350">

## Water Reflections
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29831536-1b583f48-8cee-11e7-88ad-d0c57f33139d.gif" width="350">

# Author
[Astemir Eleev](https://github.com/jVirus)

# Licence 

`spritekit-fragment-sandbox-ios-app` is available under the `MIT` license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/jVirus/PixelShaderDemo/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Updated tile and added 'last update' field

README.md, after:

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-yellow.svg)]()
[![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-swift-orange.svg)]()
[![SecondaryLanguage](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-GLSL-red.svg)]()
[![ThirdLanguage](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Metal-purple.svg)]()
[![Framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/frameworks-SpriteKit-ff69b4.svg)]()
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)]()


# SpriteKit Shader Sandbox [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

**Last Update: 18/August/2018.**

# About
An `iOS` project demonstrating how to use `GLSL` and `Metal` Shaders with `SpriteKit` framework 👾. The purpose of the app is to serve as a sandbox that allows to quicly prototype and experiment with `fragment`  shaders. Currently there are **`12`** custom `fragment shaders`. More shaders will be added on a regular basis.

## CRT Effect
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/41338402-c37c847e-6efa-11e8-93e2-8d6fb709e697.gif" width="350">

## LCD Effect 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/41338403-c39c791e-6efa-11e8-80c9-3929a4e0dabe.gif" width="350">

## GTC14
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643373-6513562c-1a5b-11e8-9ba5-9fb98bdc3ceb.gif" width="350">

## Mandelbrot Recursive (Julia Set)
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643375-65544cae-1a5b-11e8-966b-a0286d0d07ee.gif" width="350">

## Tron Road
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643377-6592f378-1a5b-11e8-9490-95052d900e58.gif" width="350">

## Spots
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643376-6573f86a-1a5b-11e8-802a-42d7dd168f1e.gif" width="350">

## Lattice
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/36643374-6534de64-1a5b-11e8-83a8-96af89c84ddd.gif" width="350">

## Flame Raymatching
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29877584-b6cb2c0a-8da8-11e7-950b-329fc49cd856.gif" width="350">

## Paint Noise 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29831538-1b6069de-8cee-11e7-98a0-8613f7e693c8.gif" width="350">

## RGB Lighning 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29831537-1b58fb86-8cee-11e7-96f6-1c024d4e0be0.gif" width="350">

## Water Reflections
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098753/29831536-1b583f48-8cee-11e7-88ad-d0c57f33139d.gif" width="350">

# Author
[Astemir Eleev](https://github.com/jVirus)

# Licence 

`ios-spritekit-shader-sandbox` is available under the `MIT` license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/jVirus/ios-spritekit-shader-sandbox/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more info.
